Steven TV 2018 
Best of Television:
1. Succession, season 1
2. The Americans, final season (Now that it has wrapped, I declare this the 5th greatest show of all time.)
3. Homecoming, season 1
4. The End of the Fucking World, season 1
5. Forever, season 1
6. *Below Deck, season 6
7. Ozark, season 2

Steven Music 2018 
1. Lucy Dacus - Historian
2. The 1975 - A brief inquiry into online relationships
3. Jeff Rosenstock - -POST

Paul TV 2018
1.)	The Staircase	-	Me and Buck talked about this at length, but I’m convinced that this is a story of an attorney. I wouldn’t stop watching it/couldn’t stop watching it. 

2.)	Better Call Saul S4 -	Yeah, this show punches me right up the nuts. I loved it, and it pushes the aspect of how much you can root for a character and still inherently hate him.

3.)	DARK - 		It’s a German show, but the dubs are pretty decent, and I loved every minute of it until the last ten seconds. No spoiler alert here. Just busted balls (It punched me up the nuts). 

4.)	The Haunting at Hill House - This show is quite literally a family drama that’s better than a family drama and a horror movie that’s better at being a horror movie than most. I loved this show. I remember distinctly how I felt after each episode, and the reveals of the secrets are how I want television to be. 

5.)	The Forensic Files Collection on Netflix - 	I watch it to go to sleep and it’s always the weirdest fucking conundrum of shit, all happening, waaay before the digital age. It’s hilarious, and the narrator is monotone and the music is drony. Perfect for first-time ASMR people. 

6.)	Sneaky Pete S02 - 	It’s like Breaking Bad with a con man. The second season showed that the creativity of the plot wasn’t anything to scoff at. I would get pegged by Giovanni Rabissi. 

7.)	Friends -		It’s classic. I love it how their nipples are hard all the time. I wish Ross, Joey and Chandler had harder nipples, but that’s on them. 

8.)	The Sinner S01 -	I’m a little late on this one, and Bill Pullman hasn’t done any acting chop classes or activity seminars, but it was pretty good. I think the cinematography is the thing to focus on more here, and not the fact that a detective wants to free a woman who plead guilty to begin with. Don’t think too hard, or you’ll become me!

9.)	Sharp Objects -	Yeah, so it doesn’t help when everyone in the show is hot and damaged, because that’s also me! I loved this show. I don’t care there is no Season 2. Let good things be done and die. 

10.)	Homecoming -		What a nice show! I love Sam E-Mail or whoever, and it’s pretty tight. I would highly recommend, not that you should listen to me or anything. This show brought my emotions all over the place, and next to that guy who directed Sharp Objects, Sam E-Mail makes every episode captivating. Can we talk about how they keep the show rolling during the credits? An unsung performance by Shea Wiggum. (How is that not auto-corrected?)


Robbie TV 2018
1) Fleabag- If you haven't done yourself the favor of watching this incredible six part series, do so immediately. Not only is it hysterically funny, but it is incredibly profound and moving. One of the most complete shows I've ever seen frankly. It was written by the girl who stars in it and was adapted from a play. Her new show is Killing Eve (which I do not think works as well with someone else handling her material) Fleabag is really hard to top. 

2) Barry- Similarly to Fleabag, Barry was a unique mix of laughter driven by something far more profound. It's really rare to watch something really unique tonally emerge on TV and I just enjoyed every second of this show. 

3) Mindhunter- This is one of the best shows in my mind by far. It's a really slow burn, but it got into my subconscious in bizarre ways. One of the most incredible things about this show is how violent it is without ever showing the violence. Long drawn out, dialogue driven scenes were masterfully acted and directed. This show did a meta thing where we saw that not only was this how the method of solving crime advanced to what we know today, but this method is now used for dramatic effect in every cop show on TV. 

4) Curb Your Enthusiasm- An all-time favorite of mine, I was REALLY worried episode 1 of the new season. But eventually the show found it's legs and had me rolling in typical Curb fashion. I thought this season ended up being pretty great. All time Curb great? No. But in the scope of the things I've watched this year it remains pretty darn high because mediocre Curb is still the best of comedic television for me. 

5) Dexter (Seasons 1-4) I've seen seasons 1 and 2 years ago but QUICKLY abandoned season 3 during the very first episode when I sensed it was going downhill. Thankfully Steven convinced me to stick with it through season 4 this year and boy was I glad I did. It was one of the most gut wrenching and shocking things I'd seen in a series. Thrones level.

6) The Punisher- I need to preface this by saying I fucking HATE all of the Marvel series and all of the Marvel movies. I can't stand that people actually like this stuff and elevate to such an iconic level when it's just...so bad and usually one long Pepsi ad. But this show really surprised me. Why you ask? Because underneath it all was a really interesting and illuminating profile of PTSD in our veterans. I thought they did a really great job integrating something meaningful into one of these series for once, much like how Logan made a Wolverine move so successful.

7) It's Always Sunny- Yeah I'm the one guy still watching. This show had a pretty good year topped off by a remarkable season finale. If you do anything just watch that. They were really ensemble and dialogue driven this year especially early on and did a lot of scenes where they ALL were in it. Which was really fun.  

8) The Staircase- I wasn't sold at first on this but it was truly riveting in the end. There really is no definitive sense of what the hell happened though I feel the owl theory is the most likely if you give him the benefit of the doubt.

9) King of the Hill- The show America needs right now. I've always been a huge fan of this show and have been rewatching since every season emerged on Hulu. It's a progressive voice for middle America that gives people the benefit of the doubt and empathy. They tackle a lot of really interesting issues in fun and loving ways. The humor is much more subtle than it seems like it should be. I always tell people to watch it as if they're real people and not cartoons. The animation can be very subtle. 

10) The Office- This show has and always will be clutch. And it always gets better and better every single time I watch it. I'm probably on my 7th or 8th watch through and there are so many great easter eggs every time. It's like hanging out with your good buddies.

Amanda TV 2018
1. Glow - this was so much fun. Everything about this show is campy/mixed the right amount of seriousness and 80s flare and perfect. Highly recommend. 
2. Below Deck - Steven already gave a good run down on this docuseries - this may or may not actually be reality TV - but I recommend only because Kate Chastain is the perfect combo of sassy and resting bitch face. 
3. The Americans - so sad this one is over! It was a slow burn for me towards the end and still the most realistic thing on television in my opinion. 
4. The Let Down - fair warning, do NOT watch this while you are nursing on maternity leave. Really a huge bummer but it was very well done and shows a realistic side to motherhood that I can appreciate. 
5. The end of the fucking world. Just watch it. 
6. Always sunny in Philadelphia - specifically the one where Mack comes out to his Dad. I watched that scene 3 times. It was beautiful and so well done.

Grayson TV 2018 
1. Glow   - Like a very warm long damn hug. I was completely taken care of the entire first two seasons. Mostly female cast and they fucking rocked it. Also, what Amanda said.
2. Haunting at Hill House   - Combining Family Drama and Horror genres? YES!!!! Also the acting is so internally aggressive and I adored it.
3. Flint Town   - Those poor bastards
The Staircase   - What Robbie said.
4. Bloodline Season 2   - Never have I seen such subtle potency in acting. Especially the character of Kevin. Masterclass.
5. Barry Season 1  - What Robbie said.
6. La Foret   - Another masterclass in acting by, wait for it......French People.
7. Mindhunter - Guys it was so potent and that woman is SO HOT. Yeah Jonathon Graff acts weird but let him do it you know?
8. Making a Murderer Season 2   - This lady lawyer is a BADASS
9. Maisel Season 1   - Ever since I saw Robbie do a reading with Rachel I knew she was going to get her own shit.
10. Lost in Space  - First space tv series I've actually really enjoyed.
11. Fallet   - Swedish/American COMEDIC Mystery/Crime Drama
12. The Lava Field   - Icelandic Mystery/Crime Drama
13. Big Dreams Small Spaces   - It's a gardening show (leave me the fuck alone)
14. The Kominsky Method  - Alan Arkin not giving a fuck about anything? I will watch and enjoy absolutely.
15. Cold Justice  - They find cold cases and solve them. End of story.
16. Anne with an E Season 2   - She is just a damn delight and I wish I could have her life outlook every day all day.
17. Kiss Me First   - Tech shit and one of the reasons actors will only need to voiceover in the future.
18. Imposters Season 1   - So I still have a crush on Marianne Rendon after I have hung out with her a couple damns so what, Robbie.
19. Forensic Files  - What Paul said.
20. Ozark Season 2   - It got a little too much at the end for me 

Grayson movies 2018 
Films:
1. Hereditary   - I just watched this last night and am still reeling. Toni Collette sets off an NUCLEAR ACTING BOMB in this one.
2. Hold the Dark   - Just watch it.
3. The Kindergarten Teacher   - That poor kid.
4. Evolution   - SO WEIRD. Foreigners, man.
5. The Gift   - One of the reasons we are making our own shit. Joel Edgerton did everything in this film.
6. Wind River   - Something is up and it's really cold out. Grab your gun.
7. Evil Genius   - What a DANGEROUS Maniacal chick.
8. Cam   - Our friend Madeline Brewer for the win in this one. 
9. The Ritual   - I've talked about this film way too much this year. Just a fun fantastical suspense/horror.
10. God Knows Where I am   - YOU WILL FEEL HORRIBLE THROUGHOUT THIS ENTIRE FILM
11. Private Life   - Paul Giamatti and Katherine Hahn are just wonderful in this. So fun and so tragic. She should have been nominated.
12. Recovery Boys   - Just some real insight to the life of recovering attics. You walk with them throughout and it sucks.
13. Hostiles   - Just brutal. I love just brutal REAL shit I think would be rolling out on the prairies back in the day.
14. Bird Box   - Cool concept and Sandra Bullock gave it ALL. Great film but didn't lived up to the hype.
15. Caliber   - I have recurring nightmares with the subject matter of this film.
16. The Homesman   - Tommy Lee Jones doing what he does best. Westerns and anything he wants.
17. Peter Rabbit   - Yes. That's right. Rotten Tomatoes made a large mistake with this one.
18. Sour Grapes   - Some dude cornering the market on high end wine purchases? Somethings up. AND BOY WAS IT EVER!
19. Wild Wild Country   - Fascinating to watch a master manipulator not know she is a master manipulator. Good for her.
20. A Quiet Place   - It was good. You can't make noise. It's all good. I'm making a film in the future where you can't be SMELLED by aliens.
21. UNSANE   - Claire Foy appears to be going fucking nuts but is she? This film looked like they filmed it for 20 grand and it's cooler because of it. 


