Steven TV 2019 
Best of TV
1. Succession Season 2 - Two years in a row at the top of the list.  It's just the best.  The story keeps me on the edge of my seat, it's laugh out loud funny, it's fun to gawk at all the rich people stuff.
2. Fleabag Season 2 - It's great. It's funny.  The symbolism hits hard.
3. Watchmen*
4. Chernobyl
5. Russian Doll
6. Mr. Robot final season*
7. The End of The Fucking World* - I've only watched 3 of the 8 episodes so far.  This feels like a fair place to put it.  I could see it going up to number 3 or 4 or dropping.  I love these characters.  I love the storytelling.  *minor spoiler* Episode 2-3 include one of the most tried-and-true rom com premises: Old lover comes to town just before love interest is to be married to someone else.  Somehow, it doesn't feel cliche and the emotional impact hits harder than any other time I've seen it done.  Bravo. 
8. Handmaid's Tale S3  - I was almost out on this show.  This season it shined.  There was hope.
9. Righteous Gemstones - I don't know what the hell to say to you.  The cast is incredible.  Danny McBride, Walton Goggins, John Goodman, Edi Patterson, many more great choices.  Plus they accidentally put out one of the best songs of 2019.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-znj7Uf9Oo
10. Maisel S2 - I love this show more than I want to.
11. Black Mirror's latest batch of episodes.  Not its strongest.  Striking Vipers was excellent though.
12. Mandalorian* - I'm so in. 

Steven music 2019
1. Vampire Weekend - Father of the Bride 

Grayson docuseries 2019
1. Devil Next Door (Ya'll possibly accused a poor bastard of being Ivan the Terrible. Put him through the MF ringer too.)
2.  The Disappearance of Madeline McCann (What a FUCKING mess.)
3. Inside the Mind of Aaron Hernandez (How could all this actually happen?? Just...how? It's miserable.) 
4.  The Confession Killer (This dude has damage to his frontal lobe because he was probably hit with a blunt object when he was 3 or 4. Goes on to killer his mother then just starts admitting to ANY murder that comes across his plain of view. (Cops are trying to clear cases....lots of them.) Just disgraceful.   
5. Woodstock: 3 Days that Defined a Generation (This no reason this event should have happened as seamless as it did.)
6. Apollo 11 (Guys stop it. It's fucking space. Shut the fuck up. They take you along for the RIDE.) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvvhAft0-Tw  
7. Murder Mountain (You sell weed in these parts then get ready for shit to get fucked.)

Grayson documentaries 2019
1. Abducted in Plain Sight (Just....just.....terrifying.)
2. Free Solo (The MF climbed El Capitan with a fucked up ankle and NEW girlfriend WITH Cameras on him the whole time.)
3. God Knows Where I Am (Somehow this mentally ill woman discharged herself then proceeded to live in an abandoned house only eating apples for 4 months in 20 degree weather. She journaled every day. Just so sad.)
4. Long Shot (If it wasn't for Larry David this poor bastard watching an MLB game with his kid would be in jail for murder.)
5. BIKRAM (Fuck that guy!)
6. Tell Me Who I Am (A twin brother gets into a car accident and relies on his brother to explain to him his life. Except his twin doesn't explain all of it.)

Grayson TV 2019
1. Chernobyl  (Best Television I've seen in several years. No words.)
2. Fleabag (Good for her.)
3. The Dark Crystal (The extensive world they and dynamic characters they created is just astounding in this 10 part series. It's what Jim Henson wanted to do with the original.)
4. GLOW (This show is so fucking under rated. No reason people shouldn't be watching.) 
5. Succession (COCAINE) 
5b. THE ASSASSINATION OF GIANNI VERSACE
6. The Crown Season 3 (I thought having older people would bother me but it doesn't. Definitely not as sexy as the first couple seasons but def more existentially evocative.)
7. Anne with an E Season 3 (I can't explain how refreshing this show is. Throw a young highly passionate liberal philosophical romantic intellectual feminist red head into the wrong time and dominoes start to fucking fall.)
8. River (Ya'll it's Stellan. Detective who hallucinates and hears voices tries to solve his partners murder. He's better in this than anything I've seen him in.)
9. The Romanoffs (Why the FUCK is this rated badly on Rotten Tomatoes? Seriously. Someone explain.)
10. Modern Love (Yeah I'm in it. Fuck off. It's a more niche Romanoffs.)
11. Documental (10 Japanese Comedians put up 10,000 yen to try and make each other laugh. Winner gets 100,000 yen. It's 40% Funny/60% Human Behavior Study) 
12. Stranger Things Season 3 (I was worried early on because NOTHING was happening and then they got this MF rolling.)  
13. Queer Eye (Good call Amanda. I cry every other episode.)
14. Killing Eve (It got a little procedural for me near the end of the 1st season so I stopped watching but will dive back in.) 
15: Black Mirror (new episodes were pretty fire. Good call Steven.)
16. Criminal UK (Whole damn series is in an interrogation room.)
17. Derry Girls (REAL Irish high school chicks deal with being young you know?)
18. The Politician (Just started watching but it's intense and delightful.) 

Grayson Movies 2019 
The Invitation 
Calibre
The Autopsy of Jane Doe   
The Innocents
I Am Mother  
The Survivalist 
Mirage
A Stupid and Futile Gesture  

Amanda TV 2019
Below Deck - don't @ me. A group of hot men and women stranded at sea, doing 5 star service. What more do you want in a show?!
Fleabag - duh
GLOW - Betty Gilpin. I stan. 
Queer Eye - Or as I like to call it, "Church"
Russian Doll - East Village what whaaaat
Schitts Creek - Ew David. 
The Crown 
The Good Place
Watchmen 


