Steven TV 2020 
1. Cheer (Lexi's arc made me feel some shit by the end)
2. Queen's Gambit
3. Miami Heat games in the NBA Bubble (best moment: game 4 eastern conference finals, Herro goes for 37. Sorry Grayson, it was against the Celtics)
4. Better Call Saul (This might've been number 1...the pandemic hit when we had 2 episodes left and WE HAVEN'T FINISHED)
5. Ozark S3 - this grew on me AFTER I finished watching it.  Thought about it a lot.
6. Tiger King
7. Below Deck Mediteranean S5 - I'm not kidding. This made me cringe and want to curl up in a ball and die several times.  VERY effective TV.
8. The Mandolorian 

Steven movies 2020
I'm thinking of ending things

Steven music 2020
1. Lana Del Rey: Norman Fucking Rockwell - This came out in 2019 but I discovered it in 2020.  Best thing I've heard in a very long time.
2.  Bill Evans piano records from the 50s and 60s.  You can start with 'Everybody digs Bill Evans' if you want. 
3. RMR - Rascal https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxIEt3KEohk - When I watch and listen to this I realize how confusing it must be especially for non-Americans.  This is the most quintessentially made in the USA thing I heard this year (and I listened to Lana Del Rey sing about being a white girl in California for like 300 hours this year!).  Please watch that.  It's confusing and beautiful and gangster and probably a lot of other things. 

Steven podasts 2020 
1. Just hands (https://open.spotify.com/show/3X7HGYQKGvuifZJ7kYFOoN?si=jHvUuEgxQvWIE9Mc0GuLOA) - dudes talking about 1 poker hand for 30-45 mins per episode.
2. In the Dark Season 2 - The best investigative journalism I've ever heard.  Impossibly in depth. And (spoiler alert) the journalists eventually basically save someone's life. (Thanks for the rec Pav)

Robbie TV 2020 
Plot Against America: Sleeper show that turned out to be one of the best of the year for me. Relevant and genuinely effective historical fiction.
Sharp Objects: A show that I found gripping. Riveting mini-series from beginning to end. Amy Adams best role. 
Sopranos (rewatch): Show holds up as the greatest of all time. Totally engrossing. 
Mandalorian: Why couldn't the movies have had this much care? Steven voice: Is it perfect? No. Is baby yoda adorable? Absolutely.
Married At First Sight Season 9: I absolutely hate myself for how I watched every minute of this bloated crapfest. But dammit Matt is such a dick. 
Tiger King: Obviously. 
Larry Sanders Show: Season 1 was really damn good. I didn't keep watching for some reason but season 1 is very much worth watching.
Property Brothers: This show was very satisfying to watch. Sure they always have a damn open concept but it got me through some tough times.
News: I've never a) Watched so much goddamn news in my life and b) stopped watching news altogether so fast after the election ended. 

Robbie movies 2020
All the Marvel movies in release order: These genuinely got me through the first few weeks of quarantine. And I have to say they are good as a composite whole. I'd seen bits and pieces of movies but in order they are much better.
All the Harry Potter movies: Currently on USA at this very moment but I watched these in order at one point. Fun.

Robbie Music 2020 
Classic 90's playlist has gotten me through. 

Grayson TV 2020
Best of TV 2020
1. The Last Dance 
2. The Crown (Season 4)
3. The Queen's Gambit
4. Servant 
4a. Sharp Objects
5. Unorthodox
6. The Mandalorian (Season 1)
6a. The Wire (Season 5)
7. Watchmen
8. The English Game 
9. Anne with an E (Season 3)
10. The Stranger
11. Waco

Grayson documentaries 2020 
1. Dont Fuck with Cats
2. The Pharmacist
2a. Tiger King
3. I'll Be Gone in the Dark 
4. Jeffrey Epstein: Filthy Rich
5. American Murder: The Family Next Door
6. The Trials of Gabriel Fernandez
7. How to Fix a Drug Scandal
7a. The Vow
8. Lenox Hill
9. World's Toughest Race: Eco Challenge - Fiji
10. My Octopus Teacher
11. Challenger: The Final Flight
12. Trial by Media
13. Jodie Arias: From Lust to Murder
13a. Forensic Files (Yeah, still.)
14. The Social Dilemma
15. My Lottery Dream House
16: The Holiday Movies That Made Us: ELF/HOME ALONE
17. Inventor: Out For Blood in Silicon Valley (hbo)

Grayson movies 2020 
1. Rocketman
1a. The Vast of Night 
2. Uncut Gems
3. Pan's Labyrinth (Rewatch)
3a. 1917
3b. Booksmart
3c. 7500
3d. Eurovision Song Contest
3e. Annihilation 
4. The Invisible Man
5. Borat 2
5a. The Assistant
6. Katt Williams: Kattpacalypse
7. Knives Out 
7a. Honey Boy
7b. The Platform
8. The Host 
9. Emelie 
10. Resolution 
10a. The Incident
11. Crip Camp: A Disability Revolution

Grayson Music 2020
1. Metallica S & M 2 with San Francisco Symphony
2. Alexis Ffrench (Writing piano music yo. Guy is fucking dope.)
3. Alexa Rose
3a. Lord Huron 
4. Joseph Huber
5. Blink 182 (Nine)


Zach TV 2020 
Great British Baking Show - not as good when Sandi left, but joyful nonetheless 

Mando

Raised by wolves - in the Ridley Scott, Alien universe

Tiger King - obvs

NBA playoffs - Miami Heat, Jamal Murray, Donovan Mitchell

Kims Convenience - nice change of pace after a string of dark shit I watched this year, but mostly forgettable

See - could have been so much better 

Ted Lasso 

Pen15 - Maya Erskine is a hurricane and every scene is memorable. This is an All-Timer

Ozark 

Don’t Fuck with Cats

American Gods - I also rewatched Deadwood because Ian McShane

Zach movies 2020
Midnight Run - terrible 80s cop/crime movie worth every second

The Last Boy Scout - terrible 90s cop/crime movie worth every second

Brawl in cell block 99 - just silent, brutal Vince Vaughn for 2 hours 

Parasite - easy, obvious choice

1917 - the night scene in the destroyed French city is masterful 

8th grade - too bad it had to compete w/ Booksmart 

Booksmart - Beanie Feldstein

The Platform - disgusting, disturbing, subtitled delight 

Midsommar 

Zach podcasts 2020
Radio Lab - the only podcast I can revisit random episodes and enjoy them like the first listen. “The Other Latif” miniseries is great

Bag Man - I love Rachel Maddow and I don’t care who knows it

Do No Harm

Pod Save the World 

Invisibilia

The Worst Idea of All Time - season 1 is amazing

Amanda TV 2020
    Mandolorian - I stan baby yoda. 

    Ozark 

    The Crown - I do love a good British Drama

    Tiger King - remember that phase of quarantine?!

    What we do in the shadows - BAT FORM! HUMAN FORM!

    Unorthodox - This I thought was beautiful. 

    Queens Gambit - Duh. 

    Umbrella Academy 

    The Good Place - Funny yet heartbreaking. This was great. 

    Schitts Creek - When I grow up I hope to be a little bit Alexis. But seriously they  deserved all the awards. Love this show. 

    Dead to me - A story about some dead folks and a friendship. Those characters really got me in the feels. 

    
    Carrie Ann TV 2020 
    Homeland - final season
Schitts Creek  - final
The Good Place - final
Defending Jacob (not really, but I want more residuals, so watch it..:))
Servant
Mandalorian
Anne with an E - season 2
Tiger King
Dead to Me - also really love this women. They are my friends.
The Watchmen
Handmaids Tale - was this last year? this year? reality?
Killing Eve - love these women too
Queen's Gambit
Stateless - based on crazy true story
Jeffrey Epstein Doc