Steven TV 2021 
1. Succession - still manages to be the best drama and the best comedy on TV at the same time.
2. Mare of Easttown (LFG Robbie!)
3. White Lotus
4. Get Back (I have not finished it yet...but confident in putting it here)
5. Squid Game
6. What We Do in The Shadows
7. Kevin can F*ck Himself (LFG Grayson!)
8. Handmaid's Tale
9. Cooking with Paris (Yes, the Paris Hilton cooking show.) 

Steven music 2021
1. Lana Del Rey - Blue Banisters
2. 070 Shake - Modus Vivendi
3. Jon Batiste - WE ARE
4. Turnstile - GLOW ON (I just want to say that the Jon Batiste album and the Turnstile album and the Tyler the Creator album are all in caps and every track is in caps...they are completely unlike each other in any other way. Why are bands/artists doing this??)
5. Lana Del Rey - Chemtrails over the Country Club (yeah she released two albums this year)
6. Lucy Dacus - Home Video
7. Tyler the Creator - CALL ME IF YOU GET LOST
8. Sadgirl - Water 

Steven podcasts 2021
Counter Clock Season 3. 

Steven youtube channel 2021
JCS Criminal Psycology channel

Robbie TV 2021

    Queens Gambit: I know this is late to the game, but they won the Emmy this year and I just saw it. Loved it. 
    Landscapers-Would be first if it had more than 4 episodes. Some of the best all around TV I’ve seen in so long. Remarkable performances mixed with inspiring filmmaking. 
    How to with John Wilson- Hilarious. Poignant. Weird. So good. 
    Reservation Dogs- Wish more people watched this. Hilarious and profound. 
    Ted Lasso-This is really about season one. Season two was meh. But since it won the Emmy this year I’m putting it here. 
    White Lotus- Hated it while watching it. But it stuck with me in a profound way and I like it more and more after the fact. 
    Wandavision- Incredible start. Didn’t stick the landing. Still set a high bar for Marvel series that the others didn't come close to.
    Tiger King Season 2- It’s so fun. 
    Only Murders in the Building- It’s here cause the payoff is excellent. But I wanted to quit on this show many many times. 
    Drag Race- A staple in our home. 

Robbie video games 2021

    Ghost of Tsushima PS5 Directors cut (PS5)- Not since Zelda, Breath of the wild have I played a game that just hooked me like this. 
    Halo Infinite-Multiplayer: (Xbox) Can’t speak for campaign but the multi-player is back in tip top form. 
    Spider-Man Miles Morales: (PS5) First game I played on the PS5. Short but so damn fun. Made me love Miles Morales more than Peter Parker. 
    Returnal: (PS5) So hard. So good. Still haven’t beaten it but it’s really fun. 
    It takes two (PS5) Might be way higher if we had finished it. Great platformer. Incredible co-op.
    Guardians of the Galaxy: (PS5) More narratively driven then gameplay driven but it’s really a fun time.
    Call of Duty Vanguard:  (PS5) This is a divisive take. Most COD fans HATE this game. But I haven’t played a COD game in 10 years so the minutia or repeat maps hat bother others don’t bother me. 
    Astro’s playroom- (PS5)  Free to play PS5 game that charms your soul. 
    Hades- (Switch) Addictive on the Switch. 
    Rocket League- (All platforms) Just good old mindless addictive fun. 


Grayson TV 2021
TV:
1. Succession - Masterpiece. A gorgeous dance. What strong fucking characters. Writing is so refreshing. 
2. Ted Lasso - The fact the inspiration for this show was a fucking commercial for Premiere League soccer like 7 years ago is infuriating and truly inspiring at the same time.
3. Night Stalker: The Hunt for a Serial Killer - The shoe. THE SHOE. HS (holy shit.) HS!
4. The Chair - This one hit home hard. Taps into the absurdity of academia. Really funny too.
5. White Lotus - Something about HBO shows, man. This one was so graceful. They took me on the vacation. 
6. This is a Robbery: The World's Biggest Art Heist - How the fuck are you going to have 2 people getting paid minimum wage guard millions of dollars of art?! I'm against the idea it was the mob. Those paintings are in someone's basement. Awesome. Also, I didn't know mob members were so fucking lazy.
7. Mare of Easttown - (LFG Robbie!) I could watch the glorification of blue collar life all day. I'm friends with Billy, dude.
8. Workin Moms: Season 1 - Like a bro comedy about Moms. Sincere too. Lovely balance. Women deserve this show.
9. Sophie: A Murder in West Cork - So well done. The weird poet gardener journalist had to have done it. What a weird fucking guy. His poetry sucks also. This assertion that he's guilty also makes me feel bad for everyone's life that has been ruined by speculation. He's just weird, man.
10. Murder Among the Mormons - This just makes me dislike Mormons even more. Sorry if any of you are Mormon. Hey, let's have like 10 kids, build a separate society, sell fake documents about golden tablets and not drink. And no gays? No thank you. 
11. Squid Game - Got to the visceral side of people. Such a simple idea too. But like...are they really that hard up? Like...c'mon. They mainly just have to deal with shame. Alright I'm done.
12. Carmel: Who Killed Maria Marta? - Dude, who the fuck was in that house before the cops called? Like...figure. it. out. Cause someone was in there before the masseuse came. They are like "some voices were in the background" WHO?!! FUCK! She DIDN'T fall in the tub. And I HATE the husband. Dude, like don't act so casual about your wife's death while you smoke cigs.
13. Catching Killers: Season 1 - Scratches the Cold Case file void itch. Satisfied every time. Will never get old. 
14. Street Food: Asia - I watch this every time we order sushi or thai, etc. CA hates the decision then she gets completely sucked in. I win. Will continue to also.
15. Maid - I have only watched one episode but it struck me. Single mother just trying to get by. Rooting for her so hard. Really makes me empathize with people who are so hard off. 
16. The Sons of Sam - What a deep dive into the world of satanic cults. Like actual ones. David Berkowitz didn't act alone. Steven, I think our cult idea is better.
17. The Ripper - This one was frustrating. Ignorance and a self imposed red herring fucked this police department. So quick to jump to conclusions. He's not just murdering prostitutes dude! Also that isn't his accent!
18. Turning Point: 9/11 and the War on Terror - Got a deeper insight about how the fuck such beef came about. Any American should know this backstory. 

Grayson Movies 2021
1. Oxygen - Inspired me that such a captivating film could be shot in a 6 foot by 3 foot pod in real time. Actress got put through the emotional ringer too. Excellent.
2. Tick Tick Boom - Inspiring to finally see the story of what led to RENT in full.
3. CODA - Based on a true story about a deaf family of fishermen. 
The Trial of the Chicago Seven - Another inspiring one. What badasses. Wish I could have the forethought and determination as these MFers.
4. The Father - This one was eerie. Hopkins crushes again. Multiplies my fear of dementia 2 fold.
5. DUNE - Just everything I hoped it would be. Totally fulfilling. 
6. The Suicide Squad - I'm just so jealous you could make a film like this and it would be amazing.
7. There's Someone Inside Your House - Alright this one was really fun. Like a teen horror movie but very self aware. Bravo!
8. Single All The Way - CA and I watched this with her Mom after Christmas. Like a Gay Hallmark Christmas film but slightly less corny. Like...I'd watch more Hallmark movies if they were like this.  

Grayson Books 2021
1. The Last 
2. Can't Hurt Me

Grayson video games 2021
1. Battlefield 1 - The best war game I've played. Takes place in WW2. Impeccable graphics. Missions derived from true stories. 
2. Maneater - You start as a baby shark and grow to a fucking Megalodon. Goddamnit, it's fun.
3. No Man's Sky - Travel throughout the galaxy, discovering new planets, plants, building bases, trading, constructing interplanetary survival equipment. I may be playing this game until I die.
4. NBA 2K22 - I FUCKING SUCK AT THIS GAME!  FUCK!
5. Unraveled & Unraveled 2 - Aight this was a surprising game. On the surface it just looks like a 9 year old game because you play as a YARN PERSON but it's fucking hard dude! The problem solving is the basis of the game. Sometimes I'll have to sit with a certain problem for 15 minutes before I figure out how to move on. I like.....am smarter now.
6. It Takes Two - CA and I have been playing when we are drunk and it's great fun.
7. The Hunter: Call of the Wild - Alright hear me out. It's incredibly relaxing. The landscapes are gorgeous and I honestly spend 95% of the time just tracking the animals and trouble shooting. What a treat. 
9. Ori and the Will of the Wisps - This is your quintessential 2D game. The music is wonderful (What?). But it truly is. Nice to just dive into a magical land and find keys in overgrown swamps, meet talking lemurs, etc. to a lovely score. 
10. Microsoft Flight Simulator - YOU CAN FLY FUCKING REAL PLANES ON REAL MAPS ALL OVER THE WORLD. Robbie deemed it...meditative.
11. Battfield V - Is it Battlefield 1? NO. Is it better than the other Battlefields before 1? That's what I'm told. 

Zach movies 2021
The Power of the Dog - So beautifully made. A lot of subtle eroticism and the end was quiet and brutal like most of the rest of the film
Sound of Metal - Who isn't a fan of Riz in everything? 
CODA - deaf people won in 2021 I think...
The Planters - a cast entirely unknown to me, but it was weird and funny and delightful
Dune - I powered through the book this summer and the film did as much as it could to hold up

Zach TV 2021
Sweet Tooth - sweet is a good word for this one
I Think You Should Leave - I knew Tim Robinson from Detroiters and just discovered this gem late this summer. Choking-laughing for most sketches
Ted Lasso 
Pen15 - I hate rewatching things in the same year, but I could watch this over and over again
Ozark
Exterminate All the Brutes - docuseries that just hammered me. I didn't know Raoul Peck before this, but he's a fuckin genius
Reservation Dogs - anything Taika Waititi does is funny and devastating
The Landscapers - near the end of 2021, but deserves mentioning because it was shot so well

Zach books 2021
The Dreamt Land - non-fiction about California's water crisis...so scary
Dune - new for me, but it fucks

Amanda TV 2021
1. Mare of Easttown - Kate Winslet is an American treasure. Amazing show. That Billy Ross actor is really going somewhere.
2. Squid Game - I loved this. So suspenseful. 
3. Handmaids Tale - I forgot this actually came out in 2021 but it deserves this spot on the list. Really well done. 
4. White Lotus - This was a sleeper candidate for me but after I finished I could not stop thinking about it, so it must have been good. 
5. My Unorthodox Life - Ok hear me out. Yes this is a reality show on Netflix. Yes it is ridiculous and outrageous and over the top. BUT the main woman really does have an awesome story - leaving a tight Jewish community and your family for a better life requires some balls and she has them in spades. I cannot wait for season 2. This mostly takes the place of Below Deck for me in my previous lists. 
6. Bridgerton - This needs no explanation. 
7. 9 Perfect Strangers - I didn't read the book, but I am still thinking about the show. 
8. What we do in the shadows - Seriously funny. 
9. Kevin can F himself - Yay Grayson! 
10. Succession - For the record, I do not find any of the characters redeemable, ever. In fact I usually stop once or twice while watching just to comment on how annoying I find all of them. But it was well done and blah blah blah Steven was frustrated it wasn't higher blah blah blah so it is on here. 

Carrie Ann TV 2021
The Alienist - NY in period - great acting/costumes/environments
The Nevers - i really had fun watching this show- period and fantasy/dystopian combined
Succession - because
White Lotus - so sickly accurate and funny but also horrifying
Mare of Easttown - Robbie! and Kate too
Sweet tooth - dystopian/future/fantasy...lovely
Dickenson - period, but also anachronistic/fantasy
To The Lake - Russian dystopian, but real people felt could really happen 
The Chair- like my real life when not on sabbatical
Travelers (all 3 seasons) I know I am late to the party here - excellent to binge on the elliptical
Kevin Can F Himself - Grayson! and Annie too
X The Last Men - okay, series had many issues, but it had so much potential I watched it anyway. Because, well, men die off and women ruin the world by themselves.

Carrie Ann books 2021
IQ84 - omg- what a trip (it's long: 928 pages- it was originally 3 novels in Japan- so not for the faint-hearted but nothing like it- really, it will be your friend for a long time) not dystopian, but does deal with alternate realities and a Japanese female murderer-for-hire. she kills like no other.  another male lead who is a math teacher. Book also has some fantasy/cultural fantastical themes similar to little people in the UK
The Night Watchman (won Pulitzer in 2021) a story about the turtle mountain native american people in the 1950s - stuck with me big time
The Midnight Library - a book about all the choices we make in life- & what if we could change them? fantasy but reality-based