Steven TV 2022
1. Station Eleven - this is number one and it isn't close.  I still think about this show and it started at the end of 2021 and finished in 2022.  So it's been a full year since it began.  When I think about it, it brings up deep emotions.  (Sometimes Amanda and I use this as a barometer for art.  Does it stay with you? Does it make you feel things long after you've consumed it?)  I could write thousands of words about it.  But just watch it if you haven't.
2. Andor - I'm so glad this exists. Gives me hope for all shows built on previous IP.  New things can be done with old worlds.
3. The Rehearsal
4. We Own This City
5. White Lotus - Season 2
6. Ozark - Final Season (I loved and appreciated how they ended it)
7. Yellowjackets
8. Righteous Gemstones
9. House of the Dragon
10. Dahmer (makes the list because the filmmaking at the start of the first episode was so effective, and the bottle episode about the deaf victim was incredible)

Steven Music 2022
0. Mac Miller - Circles - technically released in 2020 so I'm making it number zero so my number 1 will actually be the best thing released in 2022.  Anyways, this is a masterpiece.  I'm sad he's dead and we don't get more.
1. 1975 - Being funny in a foreign language
2. Rosalia - Motomami - Ground breaking for me...it's in Spanish and I don't care.  Genre bending and beautiful and danceable
3. Ogi - Monologues
4. MJ Lenderman - Boat Songs
5. Oso oso - sore thumb
6. Beyonce - Renaissance
7. Regina Spektor - Home Before and After
8. Taylor Swift - Midnights - Not to go meta-list on you but this is a top 3 Taylor Swift Album (with Red and 1989 being the other 2...in some order)
9. Porridge Radio - Waterslide, Diving Board, Ladder To The Sky
10. Danger Mouse and Black Thought - Cheat Codes 

Steven movies 2022
1. Everything Everywhere All at Once
2. Licorice Pizza
3. Parasite
4. Hustle 

Steven podcasts 2022
1. History of Rome - My man made like 200 episodes of this in 2011 before anyone knew what podcasts were and it's excellent.
2. Counter Clock Season 4 

Paul TV 2022
1. Station Eleven - Yeah, I agree with Steebs on this one. It was a great, sad show that gave me a lot of feels and really tugged at some heartstrings about how people would react in this situation. It wasn’t the Leftovers, but it scratched that itch for me. 

2. Yellowjackets - Let’s make this as spoiler-free as possible. Was it awesome all the way through, with a wonderfully cast ensemble? Yes. Was it tense, brooding, and ominous, leaving more questions after each episode? Absolutely. Did I kind of want one season instead of opening it up to multiple seasons? Sure did. Great show, and I’ll watch the next season when it comes out. The goth chick was hot when she was younger, too, but I don’t know if I’m allowed to think so legally. I’m sure she’s like 23 so I’m probably fine. 

3. The Chestnut Man - Foreign detective show. I love true crime docs and cop dramas, and those always get me. I thought this show was pretty damned great, and I’d honestly watch it again. Great ambient atmosphere. 

4. The Watcher - I liked this Bobby Canavale vehicle. Some dumb bitch I work with told me the real life story and how it pans out when I only had two episodes left, but I still found it an intriguing, engaging watch. Naomi Watts should show her butthole more in movies, in my humble opinion.

5. White Lotus - My dude did it again. Great new casting, great new location, and it makes me feel as awkward as a family vacation does in real life. 

6. The Devil’s Hour - I watched this on Shudder, and it was actually really great. I was extremely satisfied by how many twists and turns were in this show about a serial killer who only killed people directly linked to the same random lady.

7. Low Country: The Murdaugh Dynasty - probably liked this one since it happened less than an hour from where I live in Charleston. True crime, redneck mafia shit. Thrilling and terrible.

8. Squid Game - Last year or this year? I liked it. It was a wild ride, but I’m sure we all know about it. 

9. Crime Scene: The Texas Killing Fields - Not the best entry to the Crime Scene anthology on Netflix, but this documentary team is really doing a great job at being thorough with their 

10. Dahmer - Great Series, and honestly extremely well-done on remembering and honoring the victims. Even though I’m fascinated by true crime stuff, I don’t like the “Rock Star” status that serial killers are getting through the media coverage they receive. I guess this is nothing new, as Ted Bundy got married to a superfan during his final trial and Richard Ramirez had a bunch of hoes in the wings the whole time he was hailing Satan. The Millennial version of this is just more insufferable to me. Also, knew how it turned out so the last half of the series was pretty depressing.

11. Midnight Mass


Paul music 2022
1. Joyce Manor - 40oz. To Fresno (Pop punk with thoughtful lyrics, and not overtly whiny.)

2. Marlon Craft - While We’re Here (Great rapper with a great new hip-hop album)

3. Tim Kasher - Middling Life (Singer of Cursive’s solo stuff, still wonderful indie tunes)

4. Belle and Sebastian - A Bit of Previous (Some rerecordings and reimaginings of some great B+S tunes. Very pleasant!)

5. Sweet Pill - Where The Heart Is (Fun rock and roll with a whiny emo guy singing, but singing well!)

6. Shiloh Dynasty (Not an album particularly, but this producer is on like 500,000 different albums this year, and he does some great lofi shit.)

7. Limes - Slices (2018) - This dude, or girl, or whoever really makes some pleasant tunes that are nice to wake up to.

8. Danger Mouse and Black Thought - Cheat Codes (Agree with Steebs on this one)


Paul movies 2022
1. The Batman

2. Barbarian

3. Watcher 

4. Smile (Falls apart the more you talk about it after a watch, but a great spooky theater experience right before Halloween!)

5. VHS 99


Paul podcasts 2022
1. Odd Trails / Let’s Not Meet 

Paul video games 2022
1. Resident Evil 8: Village (Ever wanted to fight mermen, werewolves, big-titty vampire ladies, witches, dragons, puppets, wendigo monsters, insane european mountain rednecks, and basically ever other fairytale monster you could think of? Look no further, fam.)

2. Farcry 6 (This game was a little disappointing compared to the other installations in the series, but it’s the first installation on the next generation consoles, and liberating a fictional Cuba from Gus Fring from Breaking Bad was pretty awesome overall. 

3. Dying Light 2 - Lot of bad reviews for this game, but a completely immersive parkour and zombie-whacking simulator in a gigantic city, the last one standing after the apocalypse. I had a blast. 

4. Deathloop - the Groundhog Day of video games. You play the same day over and over again, trying to figure out how to kill all eight of your assassination targets before the sun goes down. Very convoluted idea, but it worked out pretty well, honestly. 

5. Ghostrunner - It was fun to play as a robot ninja in a first-person game. 10/10, although really difficult sometimes.


Amanda TV 2022
1. Station 11 - I laughed, I (almost) cried. I felt actual EMOTIONS. This is rare for me and Station 11 pulled it out. Amazing. 
2. Yellow Jackets - I think about this show a bit too much. Who gets eaten?! What was the deal with Taissa?! What will Misty do next? Where are they taking Natalie? WHO WAS ADAM?! This show is giving such good 90s nostalgia combined with a little bit of ....well, everything. Love love love and cannot wait for season 2. 
3. Bridgerton - Ok hear me out. I love the costumes, the pageantry of the balls, the character arcs, the horseback riding (hot) and the overall love story. This show actually inspired me to read one of the Bridgeton books (not worth it). Thoroughly enjoyable and it lived up to the Season 1 hype. 
4. White Lotus - We just finished this yesterday and I had legit dreams about it. Plus the theme song haunts me. Exceptional television and the backdrop of Italy would have been worth the viewing even if it wasn't good. 
5. Andor -  I think the first few episodes could have been tightened up, but it caught up real quick. The prison episode? Moving/impactful/made me want to re-take a few swim lessons juuuuuust in case. Costumes, homes, and cars in coruscant?! Bring me there now. A high speed heist during a meteor storm?! Yes and yes. Great all around. 
6. Stranger Things - I'm running up that hill. 
7. House of Dragon - I love me a good dragon. And Matt Smith can do no wrong. 
8. The Rehearsal - I've read quite a few articles about this show and I still cannot figure it out. It may be the most unique show I've ever experienced. What does it all mean? I am still working through it with my therapist. 
9. Ozark - Great and satisfying ending to an exceptional show. RIP Ruth. 
10 + 11 - Righteous Gemstones + Umbrella Academy - I cheated and am having them tie because I cannot pick! Righteous Gemstones hits me in the funnies every time. Umbrella Academy did some interesting things this year. Not quite as great as prior seasons, but I still found it entertaining to watch. 

Amanda reality tv 2022
1. Love is Blind - what. was. this. CHAOS! No one should have gotten married (except Alexa and Brennon who are adorable). This show is so cringy, such a trainwreck, these people are deeply insecure and in need of intensive therapy. I love every minute of it. 
2. Great British Bake Off - So lovely. So pure. It really makes me think I can bake. 
3. Big Brunch - OMG! An American version of GBBO! I love me some Dan Levy and he is so joyous in this hit new show. Highly recommend. 

Zach TV 2022 
Station 11 - enough has been said already, but this is the one show other than Chernobyl that I watched the second time almost immediately after the first. I'll likely watch it with my grandkids unless the show's premise comes true...
Peacemaker - The comedy was witty and constant, the violence was gratuitous and John Cena has a large dick
Outer Range - Sci-fi meets western, but not in a 'Cowboys vs Aliens' way thankfully
The Man Who Fell to Earth - don't think this got a lot of critical or popular love, but I have a thing for sci-fi with heart and this had it in spades. Fuck me up.
Fleishman is in Trouble - the book is likely great, but I didn't read it. Loved the performances and the "bet you feel like an asshole" mid-season flip
Pachinko - sometimes tough to follow three generational periods in one show, but I loved this anyway
White Lotus - good art by really smart people
Yellowjackets - I echo Paul here. I wanted to keep season 1 in a bottle and treasure it. My wife loved the casting choices because she hates when characters from different periods don't look alike. So great job casting team!

Zach movies 2022

Hustle - loved this because I love sports stories and whatever mojo Adam Sandler is bringing recently.
Encounter (2021) - Riz Ahmed is apparently very good at his job. 
The Sky is Everywhere - beautiful and melancholy
Digging for Fire (2015) - Very Bad Things, but in a soul-searching, sometimes sweet kinda way
The Outfit - I like when stories can take place in one small setting and be rich and exciting
Firestarter - Likely not on anyone's list, but I liked it a lot and I have to admit I have not seen the Drew Berrymore version and now I'm ashamed this is on my list.
Jexi - this is my "hear me out" moment. Rose Byrne as a jealous phsychotic AI companion was fucking hysterical and I will never relent on that point.