Steven tv 2023
1. Better Call Saul - Final Season - I was late on this, but yeah.  Perfect.
2. Succession - Final Season
3. The Bear - Seasons 1 & 2 (I watched 1 in Jan I think) - Can we get more stuff like this? Low budget, heartfelt, original, riveting, creative, funny.  I suppose that's a lot to ask.  But I hope people are out there trying.
4. The Last of Us
5. Fleishman is in Trouble (I think this dropped end of 22)
6. What we do in the Shadows
7. Righteous Gemstones
8. Murder at the End of the World - This one's in progress! Could move up or down.  I will give Brit Marling and Zal Batmanglij whatever chances they want, and I'm glad someone with money let them make another thing.  The OA was fucking insane and they're only slightly more reigned in with this show. 
9.  Black Mirror. (SHOUTOUT TO ROBBIE. LFG)
10. Survivor. I decided Season 45 was the right time to give it a chance.  

steven music 2023

1. Jeff Rosenstock - Hellmode
2. Jon Batiste - World Music Radio
3. Blink 182 - One More Time
4. Boygenius - The Record
5. Killer Mike - Michael
6. Lana Del Rey - Did you know that there's a tunnel under ocean boulevard?

Steven movies 2023
The menu
Barbarian
- Oppenheimer 
- The Creator 

Steven books 2023
Mall of America 

Grayson documentary 2023
The Longest 3rd Date (Couple leaves country right before pandemic. Big mistake or the best idea ever?)
Ordinary Men (About the Germans who worked the firing squads. Fascinating behavioral study.)
World War 2: From The Front Lines (WW2 stuff in color? Stop)
Life on Our Planet (Gosh it’s so fucking awesome. Goes scientific and actually explains HOW shit happened.)
Love Wins (Crazy white people)
Twin Flames (More crazy white people)
The Anthrax Attacks
MADOFF: The Monster of Wall Street (Never trust a boss who handles payroll. Grayson learned this the hard way)
The Garden : Commune or Cult (Less crazy white people than last two)
Pepsi Where’s My Jet? 
American Manhunt: The Boston Marathon Bombing (I still can’t believe all the shit that went down the first 72 hrs of that)
Murder in Boston (Dude fingers a black dude for his wife’s murder-wait what?)
Til Murder Do Us Part: Soaring vs. Haysom 
Bad Sport (point shaving in NCAA)
Ghislaine Maxwell: Filthy Rich 

Grayson TV 2023
Succession - Final Season  
Righteous Gemstones - Season 1
Black Mirror
Afterlife (Ricky Gervais show)
Monarch: King of Monsters
The Last of Us 
The Crown 
Squid Game - The Challenge 
All the Light We Cannot See (Limited Series)
Guillermo del Toro’s Cabinet of Curiosities: Season 1
Cunk on Earth (Grayson loves dry ridiculous humor)

Grayson movies 2023
All Quiet on the Western Front 
Air   
Knock at the Cabin 
Downsizing - What a refreshing film about people “getting small"
Leave the World Behind 

Grayson music 2023
1. Metallica - 72 Seasons 
2. Rolling Stones - Hackney Diamonds (Keep in mind I’m not a Rollin Stones fan.)
3. Blink 182 - One More Time 
4. Gregory Alan Isakov - Appaloosa Bones (I’ve told Steven and Robbie about this. It was like “too laid back” for me but it GREW hard on me.
5. Green Day - Saviors (Steven..give it…give it a try.)
6. Kim Petras (I’m not a big fan of her GAY SEX albums but I love everything else.)
7. Judas Priest - Invincible Shield (Who knew this would be in here? Not…not me.)

Grayson video games 2023
Dead Island 2 (Possibly the most “fun” game I’ve played in a while)
A Plague Tale Requiem (Better than the first. That’s right mf.)
NBA 2K24 (finally learned how to play it and I’m excelling)
World War Z Aftermath (What a TREAT.)
Tomb Raider Rise Of (It’s 2017ish graphics but so impressive)
Inside (platform puzzle solver. I’m IN.)
Limbo (ANOTHER platform puzzle solver.)

Zach TV 2023
Shrinking - Crying and laughing during nearly every episode is hard to beat
The Last of Us - did not play the game, but didn't feel I needed to. The episode we all already know about was devastatingly beautiful
Beef - huge crush on Ali Wong before seeing this, and the gun scene just solidified that for me
Fall of the House of Usher - horror is not my thing, but this really fucked
Blue Eye Samurai - anime/cartoons not my thing, but this REALLY fucked. Might have liked it better than anything else I read, saw or listened to in 2023
One Piece - I had to try it, right? It was cute, but I will not be watching the 1,110 episodes of the animated version

Zach movies 2023
The Creator
Collision 

Zach podcasts 2023

The Left Right Game
Blackout
Ad Lucem
Evergreen - my favorite
Last Known Position
Hidden Signal - an anthology series with some bangers

Zach books 2023
Asimov books 
Fluke 


