Steven TV 2024
1. Ripley
2. Baby Reindeer
3. 3 Body Problem S1 (meh, it's not that well executed.  But I love the books so much that I'm just happy to see it on screen)
4. Ren Faire (must watch, even if it fades at the end)
5. What We do in the Shadows final season! (Only watched half so far. I think the other half of episodes just dropped)
6. House of the Dragon S2 (Much better than S1)
7. Telemarketers (dropped in 2023)
8. Survivor Season 47*

Steven music 2024
1. Minhwi Li - Hometown to Come
2. Vampire Weekend - Only God Was Above Us
3. Charli XCX - Brat
4. Cursive - Devourer
5. Godwin Falcon - We Should Already Be Dead (SHOUTOUT TO PAUL)
6. MJ Lenderman - Manning Fireworks
7. Laura Marling - Patterns In Repeat
8. 1010Benja - Ten Total (Seriously listen to this.  It's like Justin Timberlake meets an extremely on drugs rapper.  One of the more bizarre albums I've enjoyed lately.  It'll keep you on your toes.) 

Steven 2024 Podcast 
1. Tim Dillon's appearance on Theo Vonn's podcast 

Grayson 2024 docuseries 
Ashley Madison: Sex, Lies & Scandal (So hard to believe this happened then again people ARE very stupid.) 

Jailbreak: Love on the Run

Breath of Fire (More cult stuff. Never gets old)

Chimp Crazy (God help us…)

How to Rob a Bank

Hell Camp: Teen Nightmare (Rich parents just fed up with their kids but NOT DOING ENOUGH research)

Mysteries of the Terracotta Warriors (Asians were crazy violent back in the day)

It’s Florida Man (You all know how much I dislike the state of Florida. (they do?) But I love this series.) How do y’all handle interior parentheses? 

Untold: The Murder of Air McNair (I used to be a Titans fan so this was sad.)

Love on the Spectrum (What JOY.)

Homicide: Los Angeles

Homicide: New York

American Murder: Laci Peterson

Worst Ex Ever

What Jennifer Did (Didn’t….didn’t care for her parents for one.)

Cold Case Files: Season 3

30 for 30: The Life and Trials of Oscar Pistorius


Grayson 2024 TV 
Baby Reindeer 

Fall of the House of Usher (Carla Gugino shout out!)

Severance (Watched the first handful of eps. Hopefully it stays weird.)

Katt Williams: Woke Foke (He redeemed himself after the last one)
House of the Dragon: Season 3

The Crown: Season 6

Bodkin (Will Forte doing a mystery)

Fallout: Season 1

LOST (I’m VERY late. But it’s such an easy watch.)


Grayson 2024 Movies 
Dark Waters (Best socio political film I’ve seen)

Oppenheimer

Waitress The Musical (Trying to not praise Robbie’s nemesis Joe Tippett’s performance but he brought HEART to the villain role)

St. Elmo’s Fire (I….I just saw it.)

Godzilla Minus One (Finally it’s back in the hands of the Japanese {-- May never say this sentence again.)

American Fiction

Don’t Move (Chick gets drugged and has to run away without being able to move??!)

Apocalypse Z (Latinos understanding zombie shit)

Babylon (Everyone who disliked this film is fucking wrong)

Please Don’t Destroy: The Treasure of Foggy Mountain (A comedy? In this day and age?)

Saltburn (Ending is so nauseating but still dope)

Longlegs


Grayson 2024 Video Games
Halo Infinite (I am so late on this but I have finally found the beauty of this series again.)

NBA 2k25 (heads above last installments)

Call of Duty: Black Ops 6
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 (Incredible graphics and gameplay. Zero storyline.)

Microsoft Flight Simulator 24 (I’m about to start a career in crop dusting)

Dragon’s Dogma II (Almost better than Elden Ring. I SAID IT.)

NCAA College Football 25 (I’ve gotten much better since Steven kicked my ass in my parents home)

Madden 25



Zach 2024 books 
Three Body Problem trilogy
More Asimov books 
Tess of the D'urbervilles

Zach 2024 tv 
Shrinking - in love with every character from this show
Kaos - I know, I know. It wasn't that good...but I binged it and loved the debauchery and moral reflections that are relevant today. Also some beautifully-shot scenes I'd watch again
Lost - this was my first viewing as well - I also followed an episode recap subreddit because I'm a fucking nerd. 
Sugar - not gonna lie, I hated the twist
Baby Reindeer - just too good a story and acting to miss
Bodkin - was shot in my in-laws' village in Ireland and I highly recommend visiting Kilaloe

Zach 2024 movies 

Small Apartments 
Deadpool 2 
Saltburn 

Zach 2024 podcasts 
The Good Whale - Serial-produced podcast about Free Willy star, Keiko. It is the best thing I listened to or watched in 2024. I cried often.
Heavyweight


Amanda 2024 TV 
    Nobody wants this - Kristen Bell + Adam Brody can do no wrong
    Lost—Okay, hear me out. I never watched Lost when it first aired and needed something easy to put on in the background (agree with you there, Grayson. We are late and it is an easy watch! So funny we both did that.). Let me tell you, I was committed to all the seasons, even though after season 3, it really went downhill. I really liked it and don't really get the hate for the ending. It made sense to me!
    Survivor - again it makes the list. Seriously fantastic show, I love it week after week! 
    Bridgerton - no explanation needed
    What we do in the shadows - I am so so sad this show ended! 

Amanda music 2024 
Chappel Roan 
Taylor Swift Eras tour 
